Minor `read-only` clarification (#13521)
docker/docker.github.io: storage/volumes.md

  - The `destination` takes as its value the path where the file or directory
    is mounted in the container. May be specified as `destination`, `dst`,
    or `target`.

>   - The `readonly` (sorthand `ro`) option, if present, causes the bind mount to be [mounted into
>     the container as read-only](#use-a-read-only-volume).

Reviewer: Perhaps this should take the same convention as the other shorthands, and a sentence at the end;

```suggestion
  - The `readonly` option, if present, causes the bind mount to be [mounted into
    the container as read-only](#use-a-read-only-volume). May be specified as `readonly` or `ro`.
```
